There are some other things, yeah. I mean, in the main page, we didn't actually test the batch. And also, under it right now, it's still asking me no wallet to batch, or it's telling me no wallet to batch, I should create a wallet. But there's currently a wallet, so I need you to test the first stage, and this page, and the preset page, because it might not be done properly. Then also, the other buttons, I mean the quantity buttons, right now there's only one that's selected, which is fine, it should be the default. But two and three, I can't select them. Also, max, I can't select it. It might be disabled, but if it's not, I think it should follow the contract address, just like the main flow. So it should check the max, then give the quantities according to the max. Do you understand? Then we also need to test multiple wallets for this batch mint. And there was another table, I mean in the prototype, that shows the ones that were successful and failed, and the reasons why. I think you should check that and apply that too. In the automations page, I don't know if you've checked the four states for all the tabs, I mean the sniper state, right, policies and social rules and policies, but you need to check them and make sure they follow the prototype states. Same thing with the wallets, so the balance, the wallets doesn't follow the prototype wallets. I don't know if it's later down in the phases, but you need to. Also the create wallet and import wallet needs to follow the prototype first states and design and responsiveness. Same with the automations page, same with the history page, all the tabs need to follow the first states and the responsiveness. And concerning the history, there's activity or dates, I mean there's a security log. Security logs, I think it's maybe for the logins, I don't know, but it shows almost everything, command, it shows everything that happens and where it happened, which is very good, which is fine, but some of these are not consistent. Like, I hardly checked my wallet balance in Discord. I don't know if it's showing the audit log for everyone's own. It's showing for everyone's own, just my own. Except I'm in the admin page and it should show for every single person's log. And I think they should have different colors depending on what they do, depending on the command. And I think the platform should have, two should have different colors depending on the platform's colors. Then I think the page has should also apply here to limit or to reduce the scrolls. So the page has should also apply here. Yeah. I can see success has its own color, which is good. Unauthorized too should have like a yellow color or something, a warning color, for me to check. Then failure should be a red color. Then for activity, the design is good for the logs, but I think there should be a color. So maybe the fail, like the activity that, yeah, was scheduled mint failed. So the fail, the fail header should be red or something to show that it was failed. And success should be green, warning should be, just the same way, I think it should be the same way the scheduled mints, I mean the scheduled one is followed. I mean, the tabs, depending the paused, the on, the failed, and all that. And I think those colors and options should be applied to all of them. I mean the audit logs, the activity, and others that are sort of like a list. And where those can be applied, because I know expired can't be applied everywhere, but where it can should be. And also the settings page has not been designed too, and the accounts pages. They don't follow the prototype and the first stages. I think we can leave admin for now, until we are done with the main page to user page. Some of these things I mentioned are the lower down in the phases, which is fine. But if any of the things I mentioned aren't there, please make sure it's implemented. I actually thought I was able to import another object because I didn't select the wallets. But after selecting the wallet, it was still disabled. Maybe because it thinks there's no wallet, hence the no wallet notification under the buttons.